
--- PAGE 1 ---
Software  Requirement  Speciﬁcation,  Version  1.2  
Prepared  on  2026-05-17  
For  the  American  Society  of  Cybernetic's  Collaborative  Knowledge  Hub.  By  Group  2  of  Curtin's  Capstone  Computing  Project  1.  
Previous  version:  📄  2026-04-28  -  CKH  SRS  1.1.pdf  
Changelog  
●  Added  Appendix  B:  Handover  Plan  ●  Added  Appendix  C:  UI  ●  Per  📅  2026-04-30  Client  Meeting:  ○  Updated  the  format  for  extensions.  It  is  now  more  granular:  per-module  rather  than  having  system-wide  
extensions.
 ●  Updates  to  5.2  Safety  and  5.3  Security  ●  Updates  to  functionality  in  3.1  Member  Management;  added  the  concept  of  membership  applications.  ●  Made  3.2  Groups  more  speciﬁc  -  including  automatically  syncing  with  the  connected  Google  Workspace.  ●  Minor  edits  to  3.3  Knowledge  Hub:  Created  an  "Automated  Summary"  extension.  Added  the  ability  to  make  approval  
optional
 
for
 
a
 
repository.
 ●  Reprioritisation  of  3.5  Event  Creation  and  Coordination  ●  Added  a  basic  implementation  of  3.6  Knowledge  Graph  that  is  in  the  MVP  and  elaborate  on  speciﬁc  techniques  we  
intend
 
to
 
use.
 ●  Added  a  basic  implementation  of  3.7  Member  Matching  that  is  in  the  MVP  ●  Added  a  basic  implementation  of  3.8  Automated  Newsletter.  Gave  speciﬁc  examples  of  content  that  should  be  in  the  
newsletter.
 ●  Update  the  functionality  of  3.9  Research  Harvester  to  give  a  more  precise  deﬁnition  of  the  scraping.  Moved  the  concept  
of
 
a
 
"Feed"
 
to
 
a
 
lower
 
priority
 
extension.
 ●  Rework  3.10  Automated  Metadata  Suggestion.  It  now  includes  tags  for  member  proﬁles.  ●  Added  3.11  User  Journeys  ●  Added  3.12  Feedback  
Table  of  Contents  
●  Software  Requirement  Speciﬁcation  —  1  ●  Table  of  contents  —  2  ○  Intro  —  4  ○  1.1  Project  Description  —  4  ○  1.2  Deﬁnitions  —  4  ■  1.2.1  User  Roles  —  4  ○  Overall  Description  —  5  ○  2.1  Product  Perspective  —  5  ○  2.2  Product  Functions  —  5  ○  2.3  User  Characteristics  —  6  ○  2.4  Operating  Environment  —  7  ■  2.4.1  Hardware  Environment  —  7  ■  2.4.2  Software  Environment  —  8  ■  2.4.3  Network  Environment  —  10  ■  2.4.4  Hosting  Environment  —  10  
--- PAGE 2 ---
■  2.4.5  AI  Integration  environment  —  11  ■  2.4.6  External  Integrations  —  11  ○  2.5  Design  and  Implementation  Constraints  —  12  ■  2.5.1  Technical  constraints  —  12  ■  2.5.2  Security  Constraints  —  13  ■  2.5.3  Data  Protection  and  Backup  Constraints  —  13  ■  2.5.4  Organisational  constraints  —  13  ■  2.5.5  Integration  constraints  —  13  ○  2.6  Assumptions  and  Dependencies  —  13  ■  2.6.1  System  assumptions  —  13  ■  2.6.2  Technical  Assumptions  —  14  ■  2.6.3  External  dependencies  —  14  ○  Functional  Requirements  —  14  ○  3.1  Member  Management  —  14  ○  3.2  Groups  —  15  ○  3.3  Knowledge  Hub  —  16  ○  3.4  Administration  —  17  ○  3.5  Event  Creation  and  Coordination  —  17  ○  3.6  Knowledge  Graph  —  18  ○  3.7  Member  Matching  —  18  ○  3.8  Automated  Newsletter  —  19  ○  3.9  Research  Harvester  —  20  ○  3.10  Automated  Metadata  Suggestion  —  20  ○  3.11  User  Journeys  —  21  ○  3.12  Feedback  —  21  ○  External  Interface  Requirements  —  22  ○  4.1  User  Interfaces  —  22  ○  4.2  Hardware  Interfaces  —  23  ○  4.3  Software  Interfaces  —  23  ○  4.4  Communications  Interfaces  —  23  ○  Other  Nonfunctional  Requirements  —  24  ○  5.1  Performance  —  24  ○  5.2  Safety  —  24  ○  5.3  Security  —  25  ○  5.4  Software  Quality  —  26  ●  Appendix  A:  Extension  Priority  —  27  ●  Appendix  B:  Handover  Plan  —  27  ○  LLM  Dependency  —  27  ○  Payments  Dependency  —  27  ○  Recommend  Environment  —  27  ●  Appendix  C:  UI  —  28  ○  Page  List  —  28  ○  Page  —  28  ○  Event  List  —  29  ○  Event  —  29  ○  Groups  List  —  31  ○  Group  —  31  ○  Knowledge  Graph  —  32  ○  Search  —  32  ●  Appendix  D:  References  —  33  
 
--- PAGE 3 ---
1.  Intro  
1.1  Project  Description  
The  Collaborative  Knowledge  Hub  (CKH)  is  envisioned  as  a  new,  standalone  responsive  web  app  that  integrates  multiple  systems  
traditionally
 
found
 
across
 
separate
 
platforms
 
—
 
membership
 
management,
 
event
 
coordination,
 
research
 
discovery,
 
and
 
collaborative
 
knowledge
 
creation
 
—
 
into
 
a
 
single
 
cohesive
 
ecosystem.
 
It
 
will
 
act
 
as
 
both
 
a
 
community
 
portal
 
and
 
a
 
knowledge
 
infrastructure
 
for
 
the
 
American
 
Society
 
for
 
Cybernetics
 
(ASC).
 
The  platform  must  support  complex,  interconnected  data  structures,  including  relationships  between  resources  such  as  
members,
 
member-produced
 
articles,
 
external
 
publications,
 
glossary
 
terms,
 
and
 
events.
 
Manual
 
and
 
automated
 
metadata
 
tagging
 
will
 
serve
 
as
 
the
 
backbone
 
for
 
producing
 
a
 
knowledge
 
graph,
 
in
 
order
 
to
 
produce
 
visualisations
 
of
 
these
 
relationships
 
and
 
enable
 
intuitive
 
navigation.
 
The  system  also  incorporates  AI-powered  features,  such  as  automated  content  synthesis,  smart  recommendations,  and  external  
resource
 
harvesting,
 
making
 
it
 
more
 
than
 
a
 
traditional
 
membership
 
portal.
 
It
 
is
 
designed
 
to
 
evolve
 
over
 
time
 
as
 
members
 
contribute
 
content,
 
annotate
 
resources,
 
and
 
engage
 
in
 
collaborative
 
activities.
 
1.2  Deﬁnitions  
CKH:  The  Collaborative  Knowledge  Hub  (the  product  this  document  describes).  
Extension  Priority  X:  sections  with  this  tag  aren't  in  the  MVP.  See  Appendix  A:  Extension  Priority  for  what  extensions  exist  at  each  
priority
 
level.
 
1.2.1  User  Roles  
See  2.3  User  Characteristics  for  more  detail.  
●  Member:  an  ASC  member.  ●  Moderator:  a  member  with  some  permissions  for  a  particular  module,  usually  for  moderating  content  on  that  module.  
These
 
permissions
 
are
 
per-module,
 
and
 
some
 
modules
 
may
 
deﬁne
 
more
 
granular
 
permissions
 
(e.g.
 
someone
 
can
 
be
 
a
 
moderator
 
of
 
all
 
events,
 
or
 
just
 
some
 
speciﬁc
 
events).
 ●  Manager:  a  member  with  permissions  for  a  module,  and  some  modules  may  deﬁne  more  granular  permissions  (e.g.  
someone
 
can
 
be
 
the
 
manager
 
of
 
all
 
events,
 
or
 
just
 
some
 
speciﬁc
 
events).
 ●  Administrator:  a  member  with  permission  to  conﬁgure  the  system.  
 
2.  Overall  Description  
2.1  Product  Perspective  
The  ASC  Knowledge  Hub  is  a  standalone  web-based  platform  designed  for  the  American  Society  for  Cybernetics  (ASC).  Its  
purpose
 
is
 
to
 
centralise
 
ASC
 
publications,
 
glossary
 
terms,
 
member-generated
 
resources,
 
and
 
cybernetics-related
 
knowledge
 
into
 
a
 
single,
 
searchable,
 
and
 
extensible
 
system.
 
The  system  follows  a  three-tier  architecture  consisting  of:  
--- PAGE 4 ---
●  Front-end  client:  A  reactive,  browser-based  interface  responsible  for  browsing,  searching,  editing,  and  interacting  with  
ASC
 
resources.
 ●  middleware/API  layer  handles  business  logic,  authentication,  authorisation,  OTP-based  security,  and  communication  
between
 
the
 
client
 
and
 
database.
 ●  Database  layer  —  storing  structured  metadata,  glossary  terms,  publications,  user  accounts,  and  relationships  between  
concepts.
 
This  architecture  supports  modularity,  long-term  extensibility,  and  the  addition  of  new  knowledge  modules  as  ASC  evolves.  The  
knowledge
 
Hub
 
will
 
be
 
accessible
 
through
 
modern
 
web
 
browsers
 
on
 
both
 
desktop
 
and
 
mobile
 
devices.
 
2.2  Product  Functions  
The  platform  will  include  a  wide  range  of  high-level  capabilities:  
Member  management  
●  Proﬁle  creation  with  ﬁelds  for  research  interests,  aﬃliations,  publications,  and  personal  statements.  ●  Membership  status  tracking,  including  renewal  reminders  and  fee  processing.  ●  Secure  authentication  and  role-based  access  control.  
Collaborative  knowledge  creation  
●  A  living  glossary  of  cybernetic  terms  curated  by  members.  ●  A  shared  publication  and  resource  library  with  annotation  and  linking  features.  ●  Version  control  for  knowledge  hub  entries.  
[Extension]  Event  creation  and  coordination  
●  Tools  for  creating  online  or  in-person  gatherings.  ●  Event  pages  with  RSVP  tracking  and  reminders.  ●  Integrated  knowledge  creation  functionalities  for  content  (e.g.  abstracts)  submission  and  review.  
Knowledge  graph  visualization  
●  Interactive  graphs  showing  relationships  between  resources  such  as  members,  member-written  articles,  external  
publications,
 
and
 
events.
 ●  Multiple  visualization  modes  to  accommodate  different  cognitive  styles.  ●  Filters,  clustering  and  semantic  tagging  for  deeper  exploration.  
[Extension]  AI-powered  discovery  and  content  synthesis  
●  AI  tools  that  search  online  for  relevant  papers.  
Automated  Monthly  Newsletter  
●  Automated  monthly  summaries  highlight  trends,  new  members,  active  discussions,  and  emerging  research.  
Smart  member  matching  
●  Algorithms  that  analyze  member  proﬁles,  interests,  and  activity  patterns.  ●  Suggestions  for  potential  collaborators,  mentors,  or  project  partners.  ●  Dynamic  matching  that  updates  as  members  contribute  new  content.  
Communal  feedback  on  knowledge  hub  content  
--- PAGE 5 ---
●  Rating,  commenting,  bookmarking  and  "mark  as  read"  systems  for  knowledge  hub  content.  ●  Upvotes,  downvotes,  and  ﬂagging  for  communal  moderation.  ●  [Extension]  AI-generated  summary  of  comments.  
2.3  User  Characteristics  
The  system  will  be  used  by:  
●  General  public  users  interested  in  cybernetics  ○  Individuals  interested  in  cybernetics,  system  theory,  or  ASC  publications.  ○  Varying  levels  of  digital  literacy.  ○  Primarily  consumers  of  content  rather  than  contributors.  ●  ASC  members  (academics,  researchers,  practitioners)  ○  Typically  familiar  with  the  academic  platforms,  digital  libraries,  and  research  tools.  ○  May  contribute  new  resources,  glossary  terms,  or  publications.  ○  Require  reliable  search,  citation-friendly  metadata,  and  stable  access  to  archival  materials.  ○  Expected  to  use  the  platform  on  both  desktop  and  [Extension]  mobile  devices.  ●  Moderators  ○  Moderates  a  speciﬁc  module,  or  something  more  granular  as  deﬁned  per-module.  ○  Responsible  for  content  moderation,  metadata  curation,  and  maintenance.  ●  Managers  ○  Manages  a  speciﬁc  module,  or  something  more  granular  as  deﬁned  per-module.  ○  Responsible  for  event  creation,  payment  review,  publication  updates,  and  membership  management.  ○  Expected  to  perform  tasks  such  as:  ■  Performing  data  imports  and  exports  for  a  module  ■  Members  Manager  —  Managing  user  roles  ■  Payments  Manager  —  Auditing  payments  ■  Memberships  Manager  —  Membership  statuses  ■  Events  Manager  —  Creating  events  ●  Administrators  ○  Require  elevated  permissions  and  access  to  administrative  dashboards.  ○  Expected  to  perform  tasks  such  as:  ■  Conﬁguring  modules  ■  Performing  data  imports  and  exports  ■  Managing  user  roles  ○  May  require  onboarding  to  understand  metadata  structures  and  editorial  workﬂows.  
Users  are  expected  to  have  general  digital  literacy  but  do  not  require  technical  expertise.  Administrators  may  require  brief  onboarding  to  use  the  content  management  features.  
2.4  Operating  Environment  
The  ASC  Knowledge  Hub  operates  within  a  dedicated  server,  possibly  a  Virtual  Private  Server  (VPS).  The  system  is  designed  to  be  cost-eﬃcient  for  the  ASC,  a  non-proﬁt  organisation,  while  still  supporting  modern  web  application  standards,  containerised  deployment,  secure  authentication,  and  long-term  maintainability.  This  section  describes  the  full  technical  environment  required  for  the  system  to  function,  including  client-side,  server-side,  database,  hosting,  deployment,  network,  hardware,  and  AI-related  requirements.  
Note  that  technologies  listed  in  this  section  are  not  ﬁnal:  this  is  our  intended  stack,  and  so  inﬂuence  the  operating  environment,  but  elements  may  change  during  development.  
2.4.1  Hardware  Environment  
--- PAGE 6 ---
Client-side  hardware  
●  The  system  is  designed  to  run  on  standard  consumer  devices  with  no  specialised  hardware  requirements:  ○  Desktop  or  laptop  computer  ○  Smartphone  or  tablets  ○  Minimum  4  GB  RAM  recommended  for  smooth  browser  performance  ○  Minimum  display  resolution:  1280×720  ○  Recommended  resolution:  1920×1080  ○  Touchscreen  support  for  mobile  and  tablet  users  
Server-side  hardware  
●  The  ASC  Knowledge  Hub  is  deployed  on  a  standalone  Linux  server.  This  hosting  model  was  selected  because  it  is  signiﬁcantly  more  cost-effective  for  the  ASC,  a  non-proﬁt  organisation.  ○  Minimum  Server  speciﬁcation:  ■  2  vCPUs  ■  4  GB  RAM  ■  40  GB  SSD  storage  ○  Recommended  product  speciﬁcation:  ■  4  vCPUs  ■  8  GB  RAM  ■  80+  GB  SSD  ■  SSD  storage  for  fast  I/O  ■  off-server  backup  storage  ●  The  server  must  support  containerised  workloads  and  persistent  storage  for  PostgreSQL.  
2.4.2  Software  Environment  
Client-side  software  
●  React-generated  javascript,  css  and  html  ●  Client-side  requirements:  ○  Modern  browser  with  ES6  support  ○  JavaScript  enabled  ○  Cookies  enabled  for  session  handling  ○  CSS3  support  for  responsive  layouts  
Server-side  software  
●  Operating  system:  Linux  ●  FastAPI  server  ○  FastAPI  ○  Asynchronous  request  handling  ○  Pydantic  for  schema  validation  ○  Dependency  injection  for  modularity  ●  Next.js  server  ○  React  ○  Selected  for:  ■  Component-based  architecture  ■  Strong  ecosystem  and  long-term  maintainability  ■  Excellent  documentation  and  community  support  ■  Compatibility  with  REST/JSON  APIs  ■  High  performance  through  virtual  DOM  rendering  ○  Supports  responsive  UI  design  for  desktop  and  mobile  devices  
--- PAGE 7 ---
○  Integrates  with  modern  build  tools  ●  OJS  Application  ●  Containerisation  ○  Docker  Compose  for  orchestrating  multi-service  deployments  ○  Podman  as  a  rootless  alternative  if  preferred  or,  for  some  reason,  required  ●  Reverse  Proxy  ○  Nginx  for:  ■  HTTPS  termination  ■  TLS  certiﬁcate  management  ■  Routing  to  Next.js,  FastAPI  or  OJS  server  ■  Static  ﬁle  delivery  ■  Rate  limiting  
Database  
●  PostgreSQL  is  used  as  the  primary  storage  technology  ●  Chosen  due  to  its  strong  relational  modelling,  JSONB  support,  ACID  compliance,  and  sustainability  for  metadata-rich  systems  ●  Persistent  volumes  for  data  durability  
Authentication  and  Security  libraries  
●  Argon2-cﬃ  for  secure  password  hashing  ●  PyOTP  for  optional  two-factor  authentication  ●  JWT/session-based  authentication  ●  Strict  CORS  and  input  validation  ●  Role-based  access  control  
Backend  development  tools  
●  pytest  ●  uv  ●  Ruff  ●  MyPy  ●  Testing  responsibilities  include:  ○  AI  endpoints  ○  Database  operations  ○  Authentication  ﬂows  ○  Error  handling  
Front-End  development  tools  
●  React  testing  library  (RTL)  for  behaviour-driven  component  testing  ●  Jest  for  unit  tests,  snapshot  tests,  and  mocking  ●  Testing  responsibilities  include:  ○  Component  rendering  ○  User  interaction  simulation  ○  API  call  mocking  ○  Regression  testing  for  UI  behaviour  
2.4.3  Network  Environment  
Connectivity  Requirements  
--- PAGE 8 ---
●  Stable  internet  connection  required  for  all  users  ●  Low  latency  recommended  for  administrative  tasks  
Protocols  
●  HTTPS  required  for  all  communication  ●  TLS  1.2+  encryption  ●  REST/JSON  API  communication  
API  Security  
●  Rate  limiting  via  Nginx  ●  CORS  restricted  to  ASC  domains  ●  Input  sanitisation  at  API  layer  
Internal  networking  
●  Docker  internal  network  exposes:  ○  FastAPI  backend  ○  PostgreSQL  database  ○  Next.js  front  end  ○  OJS  application  ○  Reverse  proxy  ●  The  database  is  not  exposed  publicly.  
2.4.4  Hosting  Environment  
Hosting  characteristics  
●  Single  Server  instance  ●  No  auto-scaling  or  cloud  orchestration  ●  Full  control  over  environment  conﬁguration  ●  SSH  access  restricted  to  authorised  administrators  
Deployment  model  
●  Containerised  using  Docker  for  consistent  development  and  deployment  ●  Services  include:  ○  FastAPI  server  (run  with  the  default  server,  uvicorn)  ○  OJS  application  ○  Next.js  server  ○  PostgreSQL  database  ○  Nginx  reverse  proxy  ●  Secrets  stored  outside  version  control  
Backup  strategy  
●  Snapshot-based  backups  ○  The  server  ﬁlesystem  and  PostgreSQL  data  volumes  are  periodically  captured  using  snapshot-based  backups  ○  Snapshots  provide  point-in-time  recovery  with  minimal  downtime  ○  Snapshots  are  stored  in  external  object  storage  (e.g.,  S3-compatible  storage  or  low-cost  object  storage  provider)  ○  Object  storage  is  chosen  because  it  is:  ■  Highly  durable  ■  Extremely  cost-effective  ■  Independent  of  the  Server  
--- PAGE 9 ---
■  Suitable  for  long-term  archival  ●  Off-Server  storage  requirement  ○  All  backups  must  be  stored  outside  the  server  to  avoid  single-point-of-failure  scenarios  ○  Object  storage  ensures  that  backups  remain  available  even  if  the  server  becomes  corrupted  or  inaccessible  ●  Recovery  procedures  ○  Snapshots  restoration  for  full-system  recovery  ○  Logical  backup  restoration  for  partial  recovery  
2.4.5  AI  Integration  environment  
Default  AI  
●  Claude  used  for:  ○  Content  summarisation  ○  Metadata  suggestions  ○  Internal  editorial  tools  ●  Code  will  be  structured  to  allow  easy  transition  to  other  models,  but  they  will  not  be  supported  
AI  Hosting  
●  All  AI  processing  occurs  in  external  APIs  ●  No  local  model  hosting  required  ●  No  GPU  or  specialised  hardware  required  
2.4.6  External  Integrations  
Peer-review  systems  
●  Integration  with  OJS  (Open  Journal  Systems)  ●  Supports:  ○  Submission  workﬂows  ○  Reviewer  assignments  ○  Metadata  synchronisation  
Payment  platform  
●  Stripe  for:  ○  Membership  payments  ○  Donations  ○  Event  fees  ●  PCI  compliance  handled  by  Stripe  
2.5  Design  and  Implementation  Constraints  
The  ASC  Knowledge  Hub  must  operate  within  several  technical,  organisational,  and  environmental  constraints  that  inﬂuence  system  design,  implementation,  and  deployment.  
Note  that  technologies  listed  in  this  section  are  not  ﬁnal;  this  is  our  intended  stack,  and  so  create  relevant  constraints,  but  elements  may  change  during  development.  
2.5.1  Technical  constraints  
Backend  framework  constraints  
--- PAGE 10 ---
●  The  backend  will  be  implemented  using  FastAPI,  which  enforces  asynchronous  request  handling,  Pydantic-based  validation,  and  ASGI-compatible  deployment.  ●  The  back  end  will  run  on  an  ASGI  server,  which  affects  concurrency  models  and  middleware  compatibility.  
Front-end  framework  constraints  
●  The  front-end  will  be  built  using  React,  requiring  a  component-based  architecture,  JSX  syntax,  and  a  modern  JavaScript  toolchain.  ●  UI  testing  will  use  React  Testing  Library  (RTL)  and/or  Jest,  inﬂuencing  how  components  are  structured  and  how  side-effects  are  handled.  
Database  constraints  
●  The  system  will  use  PostgreSQL  as  the  primary  database.  ●  Data  modeling  must  thus  be  deﬁned  with  relational  structures  and  JSONB  ﬁelds.  ●  PostgreSQL  will  run  inside  a  container  with  persistent  volumes,  limiting  direct  OS-level  tuning.  
Containerisation  Constraints  
●  Services  will  be  deployed  using  Docker  Compose,  which  requires  root  access.  This  is  possibly  circumventable  by  using  Podman  as  an  intermediary.  
Hosting  constraints  
●  The  system  will  run  on  a  single  server  ●  Resource  usage  must  remain  within  the  server  limits  (CPU,  RAM,  storage)  ●  No  auto-scaling  or  distributed  deployment  is  available  
2.5.2  Security  Constraints  
●  Passwords  must  be  hashed  using  Argon2,  requiring  CPU-intensive  hashing  and  secure  conﬁguration.  ●  We  are  using  PyOTP  for  two-factor  authentication,  requiring  time-synchronised  OTP  generation.  ●  All  communication  must  occur  over  HTTPS.  ●  Strict  input  validation  is  required  to  prevent  SQL  injection,  XSS,  and  CSRF.  ●  Role-based  access  control  must  be  implemented  for  administrative  features.  ●  Handling  of  payment  information  must  be  PCI-compliant.  
2.5.3  Data  Protection  and  Backup  Constraints  
●  PostgreSQL  data  must  be  backed  up  using  snapshot-based  backups  stored  in  external  object  storage.  ●  Backups  must  be  stored  off-server  to  avoid  single-point-of-failure  scenarios.  
2.5.4  Organisational  constraints  
●  ASC  is  a  non-proﬁt  organisation  with  low  revenue,  requiring  cost-eﬃcient  hosting  and  minimal  recurring  expenses.  ●  The  system  must  be  maintainable  by  volunteers  or  part-time  administrators.  ●  Technology  choices  must  prioritise  long-term  sustainability  and  low  operational  overhead.  
2.5.5  Integration  constraints  
●  The  system  will  integrate  with  OJS  for  peer-review  workﬂows,  requiring  compatibility  with  OJS  metadata  formats  and  APIs.  ●  Stripe  will  be  used  for  payments,  requiring  secure  API  communication.  ●  Claude  AI  will  be  the  default  AI  integration.  
--- PAGE 11 ---
2.6  Assumptions  and  Dependencies  
The  design  and  operation  of  the  ASC  Knowledge  Hub  rely  on  several  assumptions  and  external  dependencies.  
Note  that  technologies  listed  in  this  section  are  not  ﬁnal;  this  is  our  intended  stack  and  our  current  assumptions,  but  elements  may  change  during  development.  
2.6.1  System  assumptions  
●  Users  have  access  to  a  stable  internet  connection  and  a  modern  web  browser.  ●  Administrators  possess  basic  digital  literacy  and  can  manage  content  through  the  admin  interface.  ●  ASC  will  maintain  the  accuracy  and  relevance  of  glossary  terms,  publications,  and  metadata.  ●  The  hosting  provider  will  maintain  uptime,  hardware  reliability,  and  network  connectivity.  ●  The  system  will  not  require  horizontal  scaling  due  to  the  ASC's  modest  traﬃc  expectations.  
2.6.2  Technical  Assumptions  
●  We  have  suﬃcient  access  to  the  server  to  run  Docker  as  root.  ●  PostgreSQL  will  remain  stable  and  compatible  with  FastAPI  ORM  layers.  ●  Snapshot-based  backups  and  object  storage  will  remain  accessible  and  affordable.  ●  External  AI  APIs  (Claude)  will  remain  available  and  stable.  ●  Nginx  will  handle  TLS  certiﬁcates  and  HTTPS  termination  reliably.  
2.6.3  External  dependencies  
●  Third-party  services  ○  Stripe  must  remain  operational  for  payment  processing.  ○  Claude  AI  must  remain  available  for  AI-assisted  features.  ●  Software  dependencies  ○  FastAPI,  React,  PostgreSQL,  Docker,  and  related  libraries  must  remain  maintained.  ○  OJS  must  remain  maintained  for  peer-review  integration.  ○  Security  libraries  (argon2-cﬃ,  PyOTP)  must  continue  receiving  updates.  ○  Testing  frameworks  (pytest,  RTL,  Jest)  must  remain  compatible  with  the  codebase.  ●  Hosting  dependencies  ○  The  server  provider  must  supply  CPU,  RAM,  and  storage.  ○  Server  storage  must  remain  available  for  snapshot-based  backups.  ○  SSH  access  must  remain  available  for  administrative  maintenance.  
 
3.  Functional  Requirements  
3.1  Member  Management  
Member  Application  
●  REQ-1.1  Non-members  must  be  able  to  submit  an  application  for  membership.  ●  REQ-1.2  Non-members  must  be  able  to  revise  their  application  for  membership.  ●  REQ-1.3  Managers  must  be  able  to  approve,  deny,  or  request  revisions  for  an  application.  
--- PAGE 12 ---
Membership  Status  
●  REQ-1.4  Users  with  an  approved  membership  application  must  be  able  to  start  a  membership  by  paying  for  it.  ●  REQ-1.5  Members  must  be  able  to  cancel  their  membership,  or  change  to  a  new  membership  type.  ●  REQ-1.6  Members  must  be  able  to  opt-in  to  receive  notiﬁcations  (email  &  push-notiﬁcation)  on  their  membership  status,  such  as  when  their  membership  is  soon  to  expire.  ●  REQ-1.7  Members  must  be  able  to  view  their  membership's  payment  plan.  
Proﬁle  Management  
●  REQ-1.8  Members  must  be  able  to  include  ﬁelds  on  their  proﬁle  for  core  proﬁle  information/identiﬁcation,  research  interests,  aﬃliations,  publications  and  personal  statements.  ●  REQ-1.9  Members  must  be  able  to  link  knowledge  hub  resources  to  be  displayed  on  their  proﬁle.  
Member  Moderation  
●  REQ-1.10  Managers  must  be  able  to  suspend  or  unsuspend  a  member.  ●  REQ-1.11  Managers  must  be  able  to  import  and  export  member  proﬁle  information.  ●  REQ-1.12  Managers  must  be  able  to  import  and  export  membership  payment  information.  
Extension  Priority  10:  Memberships  Analytics  Dashboard  
●  REQ-1.13  Managers  must  be  able  to  view  a  member  analytics  dashboard  for  membership  data,  including  renewal  rates  and  pending  renewal.  
3.2  Groups  
●  REQ-2.1  Groups  are  automatically  kept  in  sync  with  the  ASC's  google  workspace  mailing  lists.  The  list  of  groups  is  1-1  with  mailing  lists,  and  if  someone  is  added  or  removed  from  a  mailing  list  that  should  be  reﬂected  in  their  membership  of  the  corresponding  CKH  group.  ●  REQ-2.2  Members  are  able  to  join  or  leave  groups,  which  automatically  adds  or  removes  them  from  the  appropriate  mailing  lists.  ●  REQ-2.3  Managers  are  able  to  assign  or  unassign  users  to  groups.  ●  REQ-2.4  Managers  are  able  to  set  permissions  for  groups,  such  that  members  are  unable  to  join  them  —  manager  must  assign  users  to  these  groups.  
3.3  Knowledge  Hub  
Repository  Management  
●  REQ-3.1  Administrators  are  able  to  create  knowledge  hub  repositories,  which  have  custom  schemas.  A  schema  will  allow  some  very  minimal  customisation,  semantically  equivalent  to  the  following  json:  
[  
  {  
    "label":  "Heading",  
    "type":  "horizontal-block",  
    "content":  [  
--- PAGE 13 ---
      {  
        "label":  "Title  Image",  
        "type":  "image"  
      },  
      {  
        "label":  "Author",  
        "type":  "byline"  
      }  
    ]  
  },  
  {  
    "label":  "Content",  
    "type":  "text"  
  },  
  ...  
]  
 
●  [Extension  Priority  3:  Administrator  Visual  Interface]  REQ-3.2  Administrators  are  able  to  edit  schemas  through  a  visual  interface.  ●  REQ-3.3  Administrators  are  able  to  conﬁgure  repositories  as  "public"  or  "members  only".  This  defaults  to  "members  only".  ●  REQ-3.4  Managers  are  able  to  conﬁgure  entries  in  repositories  as  "public"  or  "members  only".  This  defaults  to  "members  only".  ●  REQ-3.5  Administrators  are  able  to  give  members  management  permissions  for  a  repository.  ●  REQ-3.6  Managers  are  able  to  give  members  moderation  permissions  for  a  repository.  
Content  Submission  
●  REQ-3.7  Managers  can  conﬁgure  repositories  to  bypass  this  approval  process.  ●  REQ-3.8  Members  are  able  to  submit  entries  to  repositories.  ●  REQ-3.9  Moderators  are  able  to  request  revisions  to  a  submitted  entry  pre-publication.  ●  REQ-3.10  Members  are  able  to  revise  a  submitted  entry  pre-publication.  ●  REQ-3.11  Moderators  are  able  to  approve  a  submitted  entry.  
Moderation  
●  REQ-3.11  Moderators  are  able  to  access  the  revision  history  of  an  entry.  ●  REQ-3.12  Moderators  are  able  to  unpublish  an  entry.  
Extension  Priority  6:  Automated  Summary  
--- PAGE 14 ---
●  REQ-3.13  Knowledge  Hub  repository  schemas  can  include  an  "automated  summary"  section.  For  each  entry,  this  is  automatically  populated  with  a  summary  of  the  rest  of  the  text.  ●  REQ-3.14  The  automated  summary  must  be  editable  by  a  moderator.  
3.4  Administration  
●  REQ-4.1  Administrators  are  able  to  enable/disable  non-core  modules.  ●  REQ-4.2  Administrators  are  able  to  set  visibility  permissions  on  non-core  modules  (public-facing,  member-only,  moderator-only,  etc.).  ●  REQ-4.3  Administrators  are  able  to  export  each  module's  data  as  an  appropriate  ﬁle  format.  ●  REQ-4.4  Administrators  are  able  to  import  a  ﬁle  to  override  a  module's  current  data.  ●  REQ-4.5  Managers  for  a  module  are  able  to  assign  a  member  to  be  a  moderator  for  that  module.  ●  REQ-4.6  Administrators  are  able  to  assign  a  member  to  be  a  manager  for  a  module.  
N.B.  per-module  administration  powers  are  included  in  that  module's  functional  requirements.  
3.5  Event  Creation  and  Coordination  
Extension  Priority  7:  Event  Creation  and  Modiﬁcation  
●  REQ-5.1  Managers  must  be  able  to  create  an  event.  ●  REQ-5.2  Managers  must  be  able  to  include  ﬁelds  for  the  name,  date/time  and  venue.  ●  REQ-5.3  Managers  must  be  able  to  delete  an  event.  ●  REQ-5.4  Managers  must  be  able  to  update  an  event's  details.  ●  REQ-5.5  Managers  must  be  able  to  modify  event  branding  (colour  scheme,  banner)  to  be  displayed  on  the  event's  page  for  an  event  they  have  created.  
[Depends  on:  Event  Creation  and  Modiﬁcation]  Extension  Priority  6:  Event  Engagement  
●  REQ-5.6  Members,  or  guests  if  the  event  is  public-facing,  must  be  able  to  subscribe  (RSVP)  to  events.  ●  REQ-5.7  Members  or  guests  must  be  able  to  unsubscribe  from  events.  ●  REQ-5.8  Members  or  guests  must  be  able  to  receive  reminders  when  a  subscribed  event  is  upcoming.  ●  REQ-5.9  Members  or  guests  must  be  able  to  receive  updates  when  a  subscribed  event  is  changed.  ●  REQ-5.10  Members  or  guests  must  be  able  to  view  a  list  of  other  members  subscribed  to  an  event.  ●  REQ-5.11  Members  or  guests  must  be  able  to  sort  events  based  on  their  ﬁelds/data.  ●  REQ-5.12  Managers  must  be  able  to  give  members  moderation  permission  for  a  particular  event.  ●  REQ-5.13  Moderators  must  be  able  to  remove  members  or  guests  from  events.  ●  REQ-5.14  Managers  must  be  able  to  view  an  audit  log  of  changes  to  an  event.  
[Depends  on:  Event  Creation  and  Modiﬁcation]  Extension  Priority  5:  Event  Content  Submission  
●  REQ-5.15  Managers  must  be  able  to  enable  content  submission  for  an  event,  which  goes  through  the  same  content  submission  process  as  in  3.3  Knowledge  Hub.  ●  REQ-5.16  Members  or  guests  must  be  able  to  submit  content  to  an  event,  which  goes  through  the  same  content  submission  process  as  in  3.3  Knowledge  Hub.  ●  REQ-5.17  Members  or  guests  must  be  able  to  view  an  event's  submitted  content,  after  it  has  been  published.  
3.6  Knowledge  Graph  
●  REQ-6.1  Members  are  able  to  view  a  simple  knowledge  graph  visualisation  that  connects  people  and  knowledge  hub  entries  based  on  common  tags  and  direct  interaction.  
--- PAGE 15 ---
Extension  Priority  9:  Advanced  Knowledge  Graph  
●  REQ-6.2  The  knowledge  graph  algorithm  must  additionally  analyse  the  relationship  between  people  and  knowledge  hub  entries  as  a  two-mode  network.  See  [1]  for  discussion  of  this  type  of  data  mining.  Essentially,  members  interacting  with  the  same  knowledge  hub  entries  should  strengthen  their  connection,  and  similarly  entries  interacted  with  by  the  same  member  should  have  a  stronger  connection.  
3.7  Member  Matching  
Smart  member  matching  connects  ASC  members  based  on  shared  interests  and  skills.  It  processes  information  such  as  member  proﬁles,  publications  and  activity  to  determine  relevant  suggestions.  
●  REQ-7.1  Members  must  be  able  to  receive  a  list  of  member  match  suggestions.  Initially,  this  algorithm  ﬁnds  users  with  matching  tags  in  their  proﬁles.  
N.B.  See  3.10  Automated  Metadata  Suggestion  for  an  important  feature  in  improving  the  effectiveness  of  this  feature.  
●  REQ-7.2  Members  must  be  able  to  opt  out  of  the  matching  system.  ●  REQ-7.3  Members  must  be  able  to  dismiss  a  suggestion,  in  which  case  the  system  must  not  show  that  same  suggestion  for  a  period  of  7  days  (conﬁgurable  in  this  module's  settings).  
Extension  Priority  9:  Advanced  Member  Matching  
●  REQ-7.4  The  member  matching  algorithm  must  additionally  analyse  the  relationship  between  people  and  knowledge  hub  entries  as  a  two-mode  network,  and  use  this  to  match  members.  See  [1]  and  Advanced  Knowledge  Graph  for  discussion  on  this  technique.  
Extension  Priority  8:  Adaptive  Member  Matching  
●  REQ-7.5  The  system  must  log  member  feedback  on  suggestions  (e.g.  viewed  or  dismissed  suggestion)  and  use  this  information  to  improve  future  matching.  
3.8  Automated  Newsletter  
The  automated  newsletter  feature  automatically  generates  monthly  summaries  on  platform  activity,  trends,  members  and  recent  publications.  
●  REQ-8.1  Every  month  (this  duration  is  conﬁgurable  in  this  module's  settings)  the  system  must  automatically  generate  a  newsletter,  and  submit  it  to  a  reserved  "Newsletter"  repository  per  the  content  submission  process  in  3.3  Knowledge  Hub.  ●  REQ-8.2  The  automated  newsletter  must  consist  of  sections  that  managers  can  enable  or  disable  in  this  module's  settings.  At  ﬁrst,  these  sections  will  be  very  basic  facts  and  ﬁgures  about  the  system.  At  minimum:  a  list  of  new  members  this  month,  the  most  popular  tags  on  recent  content  and  a  list  of  upcoming  events.  ●  REQ-8.3  Members  must  be  subscribed  to  the  "Newsletter"  repository  by  default.  ●  REQ-8.4  Members  must  be  able  to  unsubscribe  from  the  "Newsletter"  repository  at  any  time.  ●  REQ-8.5  Managers  must  be  able  to  manually  cause  the  system  to  generate  a  newsletter  at  any  time.  
Extension  Priority  6:  Advanced  Newsletter  
●  REQ-8.6  The  system  must  include  sections  that  identify  more  complex  trends  in  member  activity  across  the  platform.  At  minimum:  LLM-powered  identiﬁcation  of  trends  in  new  knowledge  hub  entries  and  resurfacing  old  entries  that  have  a  recent  uptick  in  engagement.  
--- PAGE 16 ---
3.9  Research  Harvester  
This  feature  uses  AI  to  search  external  online  sources  for  relevant  papers.  
Extension  Priority  8:  Research  Scraper  
●  REQ-9.1  Every  day  the  system  must  scrape  for  relevant  cybernetics-related  papers  from  all  supported  sources.  ●  REQ-9.2  the  system  must  support  arXiv  and  JSTOR  as  sources  for  papers.  ●  REQ-9.3  Administrators  can  conﬁgure  the  scraping  to  happen  at  a  different  interval.  ●  REQ-9.4  Administrators  can  conﬁgure  which  paper  sources  are  enabled.  ●  REQ-9.5  The  system  must  put  scraped  papers  into  a  dedicated  "Scraped  Papers"  knowledge  hub  repository.  By  default,  this  bypasses  the  normal  content  submission  approval  process.  
Extension  Priority  4:  Personalized  Research  Paper  Feed  
●  REQ-9.6  The  system  must  be  able  to  provide  a  personalized  feed  of  recent  papers  for  each  member.  ●  REQ-9.7  Members  must  be  able  to  dismiss  speciﬁc  recommendations  from  their  feed.  ●  REQ-9.8  The  system  must  remember  member  feedback  on  recommendations  for  future  discovery  generation.  
3.10  Automated  Metadata  Suggestion  
Extension  Priority  10  
●  REQ-10.1  When  a  member  submits  an  entry  to  a  Knowledge  Hub  repository,  they  are  automatically  provided  with  a  list  of  tags.  They  can  edit  this  automatically-generated  list.  ●  REQ-10.2  When  a  user  updates  their  proﬁle,  they  are  provided  with  a  suggestion  of  how  their  tags  should  change.  They  can  edit,  approve  or  ignore  this  suggestion.  
3.11  User  Journeys  
Creating  Learning  Journeys  
●  REQ-11.1  Administrators  can  conﬁgure  a  knowledge  hub  repository  to  be  a  learning  journey  repository.  Entries  in  such  a  repository  consist  of  a  series  of  parts.  ●  REQ-11.2  While  editing  a  learning  journey  Members  must  be  able  to  reorder  parts,  insert  new  parts  before  or  after  existing  parts,  or  delete  a  part.  
Consuming  Learning  Journeys  
●  REQ-11.3  Members  must  be  able  to  mark  parts  of  a  learning  journey  as  complete.  When  all  parts  are  complete,  the  entire  journey  is  considered  complete.  Completion  progress  must  persist  across  sessions.  ●  REQ-11.4  Members  must  be  able  to  view  a  history  of  learning  journeys  they  have  interacted  with  —  which  they  can  ﬁlter  by  metadata  such  as  whether  they  are  still  in-progress  or  have  completed  that  journey.  ●  REQ-11.5  Members  must  be  able  to  search  for  learning  journeys  based  on  how  many  users  have  completed  the  journey,  on  top  of  the  usual  search  options  for  a  knowledge  hub  repository.  
3.12  Feedback  
Rating  
●  REQ-12.1  Members  must  be  able  to  upvote  or  downvote  knowledge  hub  entries.  
--- PAGE 17 ---
Comments  
Members  can  respond  to  published  knowledge  hub  entries;  they  are  posted  immediately  without  the  need  for  approval.  They  rely  on  community  feedback  rather  than  active  moderation.  
●  REQ-12.2  Members  must  be  able  to  post  comments  on  knowledge  hub  entries.  ●  REQ-12.3  Members  must  be  able  to  upvote  or  downvote  a  comment.  ●  REQ-12.4  The  system  must  collapse  comments  below  a  rating  threshold,  conﬁgurable  in  this  module's  settings.  ●  REQ-12.5  Members  must  be  able  to  report  a  comment  as  harmful.  ●  REQ-12.6  The  system  must  notify  moderators  if  a  comment  has  2  or  more  reports.  ●  REQ-12.7  Moderators  must  be  able  to  view  all  comments  that  were  ﬂagged  as  harmful.  ●  REQ-12.8  Moderators  must  be  able  to  write,  publish  and  edit  a  summary  of  comments  on  a  knowledge  hub  entry.  
Extension  Priority  6:  Automated  Comments  Summary  
●  REQ-12.9  The  system  must  generate  an  AI  summary  of  comments  on  a  knowledge  hub  entry.  ●  REQ-12.10  Members  must  be  able  to  delete  their  own  comment,  and  moderators  must  be  able  to  delete  any  comment.  ●  REQ-12.11  Members  must  be  able  to  edit  their  own  comment.  
Bookmarks  
●  REQ-12.12  Members  must  be  able  to  bookmark  knowledge  hub  entries.  
Read  
●  REQ-12.13  Members  must  be  able  to  mark  knowledge  hub  entries  as  read.  (N.B.  Some  entries  are  links  to  external  publications.)  
 
4.  External  Interface  Requirements  
4.1  User  Interfaces  
The  system  must  function  as  a  responsive  web  app,  accessible  by  web  browsers  without  the  need  for  native  installation.  
The  system  must  provide  consistent  navigation  for  all  user  classes,  with  items  shown  or  hidden  based  on  Role  Based  Access  Control.  
The  system  must  clearly  display  error  messages,  showing  what  went  wrong  and  what  action  the  user  can  take.  
The  system  must  support  the  latest  two  versions  of  Chrome,  Safari  and  Dia  for  all  supported  platforms.  
Extension  Priority  3:  Extended  Platform  Support  
●  The  system  must  support  the  latest  two  versions  of  Chrome,  Safari  and  Dia  for  all  supported  platforms.  ●  The  system  must  be  responsive,  adapting  layout  to  desktop,  tablet  and  mobile  screen  sizes.  
Extension  Priority  2:  Progressive  Web  Application  
●  The  system  must  support  installation  to  a  device  home  screen.  ●  The  system  must  be  usable  as  a  progressive  web  app.  ●  The  system  must  cache  relevant  information,  including  at  least:  RSVPed  events  and  bookmarked  content.  
--- PAGE 18 ---
●  The  system  must  allow  users  to  download  an  entire  knowledge  hub  repository  (e.g.  the  glossary)  for  oﬄine  browsing.  
4.2  Hardware  Interfaces  
The  system  must  function  on  standard  consumer  desktop  and  laptop  hardware.  
Extension  Priority  3:  Extended  Platform  Support  
●  This  extends  to  tablets  and  smartphones.  ●  The  system  must  support  touch-based  navigation  on  mobile  devices.  
4.3  Software  Interfaces  
●  The  server  must  expose  a  REST  API  for  communication  between  client  and  server.  ●  The  system  must  integrate  with  the  ASC's  Google  Workspace  mailing  lists.  ●  The  system  must  NOT  expose  its  database  publicly,  instead  the  back  end  will  communicate  with  the  database  locally.  ●  The  system  must  NOT  directly  handle  payment  information.  It  must  instead  use  a  payment  processing  provider  to  support  any  fees.  ●  The  system  must  support  secure  authentication  with  an  authenticator-based  OTP.  ●  The  system  must  support  Argon2  for  secure  password  hashing.  ●  The  system  must  expose  an  authentication  server  that  other  ASC  applications  are  able  to  reuse.  
4.4  Communications  Interfaces  
●  All  client-server  communication  must  exclusively  occur  over  HTTPS.  ●  The  system  must  communicate  with  external  academic  sources  over  secure  APIs.  ●  The  system  must  ensure  HTTPS  only  communication  with  third  party  services,  such  as  Anthropic's  Claude  and  Stripe.  
 
5.  Other  Nonfunctional  Requirements  
5.1  Performance  
●  The  system  must  take  no  more  than  2  seconds  to  display  the  main  dashboard  after  a  successful  login  with  valid  credentials,  under  normal  operating  conditions  (>=  10  Mbps  Connection).  ●  The  system  must  display  interface  skeleton  screens  or  loading  indicators  while  content  is  being  fetched,  in  accordance  with  Nielsen  Norman  Group  response  time  guidelines,  to  maintain  perceived  performance  during  data  loading.  ●  The  system  must  not  take  more  than  1.5  seconds  to  load  pages  when  the  user  is  navigating  through  different  components  of  the  app  under  a  load  of  up  to  100  concurrent  users.  ●  The  system  must  not  take  more  than  2  seconds  to  return  search  results  after  a  search  request  is  performed  by  a  user  under  a  network  speed  of  at  least  10Mbps.  ●  The  system  must  not  take  more  than  5  seconds  to  render  knowledge  graphs  containing  up  to  500  nodes  upon  user  request.  ●  The  app  must  not  take  more  than  3  seconds  to  generate  and  display  the  proﬁles  of  researchers  according  to  "smart  member  matching".  ●  The  app  must  regenerate  the  smart  member  matching  components  within  30  seconds  of  the  user  updating  their  proﬁle  or  research  interests.  
--- PAGE 19 ---
5.2  Safety  
●  The  system  must  validate  user  inputs  to  protect  the  system  from  possible  script  attacks.  ●  The  system  database  must  automatically  backup  every  24  hours  to  prevent  possible  data  loss.  ●  The  system  must  maintain  a  full  audit  log  and  version  history  for  all  collaboratively  edited  resources,  and  the  administrators  must  be  able  to  reverse  any  accidental  or  malicious  modiﬁcations  or  deletions.  ●  The  system  must  display  clear  error  messages  during  a  system  failure.  ●  The  system's  logging  systems  and  error  messages  must  NOT  expose  any  sensitive  data.  ●  Critical  information  of  users  including  event  fees  and  payment  methods  stored  in  the  system  must  be  encrypted  to  ensure  safety  of  users.  ●  The  administrators  must  have  the  ability  to  recover  information  and  services  within  one  hour  after  a  critical  system  failure.  
5.3  Security  
●  The  system  must  enforce  strong  password  policies  requiring  a  minimum  of  8  characters  including  uppercase  and  lowercase  letters,  numbers,  and  special  symbols  in  accordance  with  OWASP  recommendations.  ●  The  system  must  use  Argon2  password  hashing  algorithm  combined  with  appropriate  salting  and  cost  factors  to  securely  store  user  passwords.  ●  The  system  must  support  Multi-Factor  Authentication  for  all  member  accounts.  ●  The  system  must  implement  JWT  based  authentication  to  manage  user  authentication  sessions  after  a  successful  login.  ●  The  system  must  enforce  a  temporary  lock  of  10  minutes  on  a  user  account  if  there  are  three  consecutive  failed  login  attempts.  If  three  more  wrong  password  attempts  occur  after  the  lockout  ends,  the  account  must  be  permanently  locked  until  manually  unlocked  by  an  administrator.  ●  The  system  must  implement  Role-Based  Access  Control  to  restrict  system  access  based  on  user  roles,  including  member  and  administrator,  ensuring  users  only  have  necessary  permissions.  ●  The  system  must  ensure  all  personal  and  proﬁle  data  is  protected  from  unauthorised  access.  ●  The  system  must  encrypt  all  sensitive  data  both  in  transit  and  at  rest,  using  HTTPS/TLS.  ●  The  system  must  maintain  audit  logs  of  critical  actions  including  logins,  account  changes,  and  administrative  activities.  ●  The  system  must  protect  against  common  web  vulnerabilities  including  SQL  Injection,  Cross-Site  Scripting  and  Cross-Site  Request  Forgery.  ●  The  system  must  store  authentication  token  only  in  HttpOnly  cookies  to  prevent  Cross  Site  Scripting  attacks.  ●  The  system  must  implement  session  expiry  based  on  data  sensitivity.  Inactive  sessions  accessing  sensitive  data  such  as  payment  must  expire  after  15  minutes.  Sessions  accessing  general  content  may  remain  active  for  up  to  30  days  on  trusted  devices.  Users  must  be  able  to  extend  active  sessions  through  token  refresh  while  the  session  remains  active.  ●  The  system  must  provide  a  'Remember  Me'  option  in  trusted  devices,  where  users  are  able  to  maintain  longer  sessions  in  accordance  with  the  above  session  expiry  policy  via  token  refresh.  ●  The  system  must  ensure  that  automatically  generated  content  does  not  expose  any  sensitive  information  —  in  particular,  LLMs  should  not  be  given  any  information  that  would  not  be  acceptable  to  include  in  its  output.  ●  The  system  must  comply  with  GDPR  and  CCPA/CPRA  privacy  regulations.  
5.4  Software  Quality  
●  The  system  must  support  at  least  500  concurrent  users  without  performance  degradation.  ●  The  platform  must  maintain  a  minimum  of  99.5%  uptime  annually,  excluding  scheduling  maintenance,  ensuring  that  it  is  available  for  users  24/7.  ●  The  system  must  ensure  all  content  updates  in  the  living  cybernetic  glossary  are  saved  immediately  and  consistently.  ●  The  system  must  implement  automatic  error  logging  and  recovery  mechanisms  to  minimise  service  disruptions.  ●  The  system  must  provide  an  interactive  and  user-friendly  interface  that  is  suitable  for  users  with  varying  levels  of  technical  backgrounds.  
--- PAGE 20 ---
●  The  system  must  use  a  scalable  architecture  capable  of  supporting  large  knowledge  graphs  and  increasing  user  loads.  ●  The  system  must  maintain  a  modular  and  testable  codebase  following  standard  software  engineering  practices.  ●  The  system  must  provide  well-documented  APIs  and  developer  documentation  to  enable  support  for  future  development  or  extension  and  maintenance.  ●  The  system  must  log  all  AI  and  member  activities,  including  edits  and  contributions,  for  required  debugging  and  transparency.  
 
Appendix  A:  Extension  Priority  
Priority  for  elements  not  in  the  MVP.  (Higher  priority  is  more  important.)  
Priority  Extensions  
10  Automated  Metadata  Suggestion,  Memberships  Analytics  Dashboard  
9  Advanced  Knowledge  Graph,  Advanced  Member  Matching  
8  Adaptive  Member  Matching,  Research  Scraper  
7  Event  Creation  and  Modiﬁcation,  Advanced  Newsletter  
6  Event  Engagement,  Automated  Content  Summary,  Automated  Comments  Summary  
5  Event  Content  Submission  
4  Personalized  Research  Paper  Feed  
3  Administrator  Visual  Interface,  Extended  Platform  Support  
2  Progressive  Web  Application  
Appendix  B:  Handover  Plan  
--- PAGE 21 ---
●  We  will  regularly  sync  our  changes  to  an  ASC-owned  git  repository.  ●  We  will  provide  comprehensive  documentation  to  support  deployment  and  ongoing  maintenance.  ●  We  do  NOT  currently  plan  to  handle  setup  of  a  VPS,  or  installation  onto  that  VPS.  
LLM  Dependency  
Some  features  depend  on  the  use  of  an  LLM  model.  We  are  going  to  support  using  Claude  as  a  provider  for  this  —  though  the  system  is  designed  to  be  extended  to  other  providers.  Use  of  these  features  will  require  conﬁguring  an  API  key.  
Closer  to  the  handover,  we  will  compile  a  list  of  LLM-Dependent  features,  and  their  expected  prices.  
Payments  Dependency  
Some  core  features  depend  on  a  payment  platform.  We  are  going  to  support  using  Stripe  as  a  provider  for  this  —  though  the  system  is  designed  to  be  extended  to  other  providers.  Use  of  the  system  will  require  conﬁguring  an  API  key.  
Recommend  Environment  
Our  recommendation  for  hosting  the  ASC  Knowledge  Hub  is  to  host  it  on  a  single  VPS  running  Ubuntu  22.04  LTS,  conﬁgured  with  SSH  key  authentication  and  basic  ﬁrewall  (UFW)  for  security.  The  system  should  be  kept  up  to  date  to  maintain  stability  and  readability.  
For  the  relatively  low  expected  number  of  users,  we  are  aiming  for  a  system  that  can  operate  on  1  CPU,  2GB  of  memory  and  50  GB  of  storage.  Some  examples  of  providers  that  would  ﬁt  this  requirement  and  offer  USA-based  hosting:  
Provider  Specs  Price  Notes  
OVH  4vCPU,  8  GB  Memory,  75GB  Storage,  400  Mbps  
USD$7.60  per  month  This  is  their  cheapest  option.  Least  ﬂexibility  with  upgrades.  
Vultr  1vCPU,  2GB  Memory,  55GB  Storage,  Surcharges  for  >2TB  bandwidth  use.  
USD$10  per  month  Surcharges  for  >2TB  bandwidth  use.  Docker  integration.  Customer  service  has  been  badmouthed  online.  
Microsoft  Azure  2vCPU,  4GB  Memory,  50  GB  Storage,  Charges  for  bandwidth  
USD$25.2945  per  month  +  ???  Bandwidth  charges  
"B2pls  v2"  instance  +  50GB  Standard  SSD.  Offers  "Azure  Grant"  for  nonproﬁts.  
--- PAGE 22 ---
AWS  Amazon  Lightsail  
2vCPU,  2GB  Memory,  60GB  Storage,  Surcharges  for  >3TB  bandwidth  use.  
USD$12  per  month  Offers  "AWS  Nonproﬁt  Credit  Program"  
InMotionHosting  4vCPU,  8  GB  Memory,  160GB  NVMe  SSD,  5TB  Bandwidth  
$26.99/mo  Current  host  for  ASC's  website  
Appendix  C:  UI  
Page  List  —  The  Page  List  UI  offers  users  various  pages  (Knowledge  Hub  submissions)  that  are  grouped  together  by  similar  properties,  such  as  by  tags.  [Wireframe  shows  a  sidebar  layout  with  two  rows  of  card-style  content  blocks  and  right-arrow  navigation.]  
Page  —  The  Page  UI  offers  users  a  page's  content,  its  identifying  features  (such  as  title  and  author),  and  buttons  with  actions  to  interact  with  the  page  such  as  bookmarking  it.  [Wireframe  shows  a  sidebar  layout,  a  centered  image  with  action  buttons  below  it,  and  a  paragraph  block.]  
Event  List  —  The  Event  List  UI  offers  users  a  list  of  events,  with  the  images  and  their  essential  data  visible  in  a  card  format  down  the  screen.  [Wireframe  shows  a  sidebar  layout  with  two  large  card  blocks  stacked  vertically.]  
Event  —  The  Event  UI  offers  users  a  detailed  page  for  an  event,  with  its  associated  identifying  data,  image,  themes  applied  to  the  webpage,  event  information,  and  actions  to  interact  with  the  event.  [Wireframe  shows  sidebar  layout,  large  hero  block  at  top  with  action  buttons,  and  content  paragraph  below.]  
Groups  List  —  The  Groups  List  UI  offers  users  a  list  of  available  groups,  including  quick  actions  to  join  them,  and  some  associated  identifying  data.  [Wireframe  shows  sidebar  layout  with  four  card  blocks  in  a  row,  each  with  action  buttons.]  
Group  —  The  Group  UI  offers  users  a  detailed  view  of  a  group  and  its  members,  actions  to  interact  with  the  group,  and  subgroups  of  the  selected  group  if  they  exist.  [Wireframe  shows  sidebar  layout  with  header  block,  three  subgroup  cards  with  a  right-arrow,  and  a  right-side  member  list.]  
Knowledge  Graph  —  The  Knowledge  Graph  UI  offers  the  ability  to  enact  queries  on  the  Knowledge  Hub,  ﬁlter  the  Knowledge  Hub,  or  otherwise  view/interact  with  a  dynamic  knowledge  graph.  [Wireframe  shows  sidebar  layout  with  a  large  central  content  area  containing  a  globe  icon.]  
Search  —  The  Search  UI  offers  a  page  with  multiple  types  of  Knowledge  Hub  data/features,  such  as  pages  (Knowledge  Hub  submissions),  events,  groups,  and  other  related  data,  allowing  the  user  to  search  and  ﬁnd  any  relevant  content.  [Wireframe  shows  sidebar  layout,  search  bar  at  top,  a  row  of  small  cards,  and  two  larger  card  blocks  below.]  
Appendix  D:  References  
[1]  Krebs,  V.  (2010).  Beautiful  Visualization  Chapter  7  (J.  Steele  &  N.  Iliinsky,  Eds.).  Shroff  -  O'reilly.  Retrieved  May  17,  2026,  from  http://www.orgnet.com/Beautiful_Visualization_Krebs_Chapter7.pdf  
 